Sir?
This must have been arranged by Wu Tian
Li Jiaren, you picked this family?
If you don't believe me
You can search it boldly.
Maybe there are some more
What about the hidden clues?
This rice doesn't mean anything
Wu Tian must have caught it in advance to fool us.
Please search carefully
There are still unfinished strawberry barks hidden in the house
Yes
Report a business trip with two fish
There are still fish to eat
Your grandmother's
It's better than what I eat.
Sir, this is all from Mayor Wu
I promise every word is true Li Jiaren
This is the evidence that you said he oppressed the people
That's impossible.
The town was ransacked by my Li family
Why are there still fish?
What do you mean by this family?
Sir, listen to me explain
Must this be a misunderstanding, sir?
His fox tail is already showing
Can we talk like this?
I have something to report to you.
Sir, sir, listen to my explanation
Looser, yeah.
Mayor Wu, you just said that you have something important to report.
What's the matter?
Sir, come and sit
Sir, what about this time?
Just bother you
That's a little bit of fare.
I hope the sir will accept it
I want to refuse
Mayor Wu, who do you think I am?
This official is in power
Why would I take your money?
gold
Gold bar
Oh, I wasn't thoughtful.
Since the officer blamed it
Then what I just said doesn't count
I said you
Why can't you even make a joke?
Hahaha, come, come and eat, eat vegetables
Sit down, Xiao Guo
Come touch one
Come eat out
Hahaha come come come come